Fix: Switch Auth Method misbehaviour (#3655)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed Switch Authentication method misbehaviour when changing from Token authentication to Basic authentication [#3654](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3654)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Switch Authentication method misbehavior when changing from Token authentication to Basic authentication. [#3654](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3654)
```

Author: @anaxceron The requested changes have been addressed.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where an incorrect profile name is shown in the output for the "Issue Unix Command" function when an SSH profile is required to issue commands. [#3646](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3646)

> - Fixed Switch Authentication method misbehavior when changing from Token authentication to Basic authentication. [#3654](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3654)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the `Switch Authentication` method, where changing from token-based authentication to username and password authentication did not properly invalidate 
the token. [#3654](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3654)
```
